# Micro Modular Reactor integration with Renewable Energy-System-Modelling
The integration of various renewable energy systems including Nuclear energy will be done to investigate the objectives such as power output stability, the inclusion and behavior of backup energy sources and the economies of energy.
modelling the integration of MMR (Micro-Modular Reactor) of 10MW with the Renewable Energy Systems (RES) including Solar PV, Wind turbine, Hydel and BESS with a lifetime of 40 yrs for a micro-grid. The integration can be done using various models, I have used Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm on MATLAB for finding the best sizing of various renewable energy systems and number of MMRs. 
PSO emulates the information sharing behavior and particles move like the social organisms like birds and fishes to obtain the individual best and group best position. In the beginning, the PSO algorithm reads the input data, e.g., system load profile, resources data, and economic parameters of the component. Then, it initializes the iteration number, population size, and the number of individual runs. PSO algorithm also sets the acceleration coefficient, inertia coefficient, constriction coefficient, constraints, and limits of the variable. The algorithm then evaluates each particle until it finds the global best values. 
For the given load profile selected with the demand fluctuating b/w 58MW to 72 MW roughly, a highly unstable load profile is considered to observe the load following capability of Hybrid energy system through PSO algorithm. It is assumed that for the whole month per day the demand almost remains the same, therefore a total of 12x24 = 288 hrs are modelled here to reduce the simulation time. To avoid high General Reliability Factors (GRFs) and to decrease Loss of Power Supply Probability (LPSP) & to meet the load requirements per hour, the penalties are included (in the form of cost) in the objective function which is to reduce the Net Present Cost (NPC) of the energy systems. Therefore, the PSO follows the load demand accordingly to decrease the NPC. The decision variables to obtain the cost functions are the sizing of energy systems including MMRs. The limits for number of MMRs, Solar PV, Wind Turbines, Hydel and BESS are from (0-10,0-10,000,0-1000,0-1,0-3/6/9/12MWhr) respectively. In cost estimation of different energy sources, the Capital cost, O&M cost, Replacement cost are included whereas for MMR Decommissioning, Fuel, Refueling and Salvage costs are included. 
The 4 different BESS sizes to serve as the backup energy source to account for the power fluctuations are modelled. From the plots it can be observed that for the 3MW, the system adjusts the baseline quite closer to 70MW using MMRs and uses the 3MWh BESS to meet the load fluctuations on the upper band. For the 6MWh, the solar PVs are incorporated, and the other energy components share is not present, it can be observed that due to the volatile supply of solar PV with sharp peaks, the power output is missing many of the load peaks. For the 9MWh the load demand is improving whereas for the 12MWh BESS size it can be observed that the system can meet a very high fluctuating load profile. The LCOE is also like the other cases. However, the system is not considering the transportation costs for replacing the batteries and their waste disposal and management. Therefore, the other backup energy sources like fuel cells must be incorporated as well for effective peak load management.

